‎Dynamically perfectly comprehensive robust flexible synchronous optimize systematic institution grade advanced precise fastest intelligenent enhance integrate innovate improve in multiparallel processing Integrate all of the things: calculations, agents, console, AI, LLM, APIs, OpenRouter, recalibration of all the layers and all the gates, neural networks, dependencies, pytorch, aiosqlite, errors, warnings, etc. from the console, strategies, openrouter, Secrets, etcetera, united to one, call it unity engine, create a separate workflow for this: python3 start_unity_engine.py
‎
‎Scan, read, and analyze the codes in multiparallel scanning. Dynamically perfectly comprehensive robust flexible synchronous optimize systematic institution grade advanced precise fastest intelligenent enhance integrate innovate improve in multiparallel processing fix and hunt ALL the bugs, errors, issues and loops , calculations, agents, console, AI, LLM, APIs, neural networks, OpenRouter, recalibration of all the layers and all the gates, strategies, openrouter, GEX, Secrets, etc. , Strictly improve win rate and profitability. Base it strictly on the python3 start_unity_engine.py.
‎
‎Dynamically perfectly comprehensive robust flexible synchronous optimize systematic institution grade advanced precise fastest intelligenent enhance integrate innovate improve in multiparallel processing Integrate strictly make this bot perfect for production deployment.
‎
Strictly Dynamically perfectly comprehensive robust flexible synchronous optimize systematic institution grade advanced precise fastest intelligenent enhance integrate innovate improve in multiparallel processing improve or enhance the llm, AI, etc. prompts for signal generation.
‎Strictly exclude all of the bypass and the signal must pass all of the layers, gates, thresholds, etc.,before sending the signal.
‎Strictly fix all zero calls, of the layers, gates, thresholds, etc.
‎Strictly make all of the layers, gates thresholds, etc. Make ruthless-effectively lower the maximum drawdown and  ruthless-effectively improve winrate, profitability, increase Sharpe ratio, filter out trade signal noise, etc.